TF migration docs - round 1 (#2035)
saucelabs/sauce-docs: docs/test-fairy/api-reference/rest-api.md

import Tabs from '@theme/Tabs';
import TabItem from '@theme/TabItem';

> This is the reference document for the TestFairy REST API. This API allows the developer to access and interact with TestFairy data remotely.

Author: ```suggestion
In this document you can find the reference for the TestFairy REST API. This API allows the developer to access and interact with TestFairy data remotely.
```
